[v2.12] Move CIS Benchmark to Compliance (#1867)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/rancher-security/rancher-security.md

> When Rancher runs a CIS security scan on a cluster, it generates a report showing the results of each test, including a summary with the number of passed, skipped and failed tests. The report also includes remediation steps for any failed tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Rancher runs a Compliance scan on a cluster, it generates a report showing the results of each test, including a summary with the number of passed, skipped and failed tests. The report also includes remediation steps for any failed tests.
```
